[1.18.x] NewRegistryEvent (#432)
MinecraftForge/Documentation: docs/concepts/registries.md

Custom registries can usually just be a simple map of key to value. This is a common style; however, it forces a hard dependency on the registry being present. It also requires that any data that needs to be synced between sides must be done manually. Custom Forge Registries provide a simple alternative for creating soft dependents along with better management and automatic syncing between sides (unless told otherwise). Since the objects also use a Forge registry, registration becomes standardized in the same way.

Custom Forge Registries are created via `RegistryBuilder` via either `NewRegistryEvent` or the `DeferredRegister`. The class `RegistryBuilder` takes certain parameters (such as the name, the `Class` of its values, and various callbacks for different events happening on the registry). `RegistryBuilder#create` is called internally build the registry, register it to the `RegistryManager`, and return the supplier wrapped registry to the caller for additional processing.

!!! warning

>     `RegistryBuilder#create` is package-private and is called through `NewRegistryEvent` or `DeferredRegister`.

Reviewer: Personally, I wouldn't even mention #create's existence. Modders don't need to know. They just need to know how to get a supplier of their registry. Also, grammar issue, "is called internally build the registry". And the double "via" sounds weird.

Reviewer 2: I concur -- they don't need to know of this small implementation detail.

Custom registries can usually just be a simple map of key to value. This is a common style; however, it forces a hard dependency on the registry being present. It also requires that any data that needs to be synced between sides must be done manually. Custom Forge Registries provide a simple alternative for creating soft dependents along with better management and automatic syncing between sides (unless told otherwise). Since the objects also use a Forge registry, registration becomes standardized in the same way.

> Custom Forge Registries are created via `RegistryBuilder` via either `NewRegistryEvent` or the `DeferredRegister`. The class `RegistryBuilder` takes certain parameters (such as the name, the `Class` of its values, and various callbacks for different events happening on the registry). Calling `RegistryBuilder#create` will result in the registry being built, registered to the `RegistryManager`, and returned to the caller for additional processing.

Reviewer: `RegistryBuilder#create` is package-private now. Both DeferredRegister and NewRegistryEvent call it internally but it cannot be called externally.

> Custom Forge Registries are created with the help of a `RegistryBuilder`, through either `NewRegistryEvent` or the `DeferredRegister`. The `RegistryBuilder` class takes various parameters (such as the registry's name, the `Class` of its values, and various callbacks for different events happening on the registry). New registries are registered to the `RegistryManager` after `NewRegistryEvent` finishes firing.  Accessing a custom registry before `NewRegistryEvent` finishes firing will result in a `null` value.

Reviewer 2: IIRC, the `null` result is when trying to resolve a custom registry through the supplier returned by either `NewRegistryEvent` or `DeferredRegister`. Therefore, this blurb should be attached to both sections, rather than this general section. (You could also specify that this happens when the access is through a supplier returned by either of those methods.)

The `Class` of the value of the registry must implement `IForgeRegistryEntry`, which defines that `#setRegistryName` and `#getRegistryName` can be called on the objects of that class. It is recommended to extend `ForgeRegistryEntry`, the default implementation instead of implementing the interface directly. When `#setRegistryName(String)` is called with a string, and that string does not have an explicit namespace, its namespace will be set to the current modid.

Any newly created registry should use its associated [registration method][registration] to register the associated objects.

### Using NewRegistryEvent

> When using `NewRegistryEvent`, all one needs to do is construct the registry within the event via `#create`. The supplied registry can be accessed after `NewRegistryEvent` has finished posting to the mod event bus.

Reviewer: This should more explicitly state that the returned value is a supplier of the IForgeRegistry.

Custom registries can usually just be a simple map of key to value. This is a common style; however, it forces a hard dependency on the registry being present. It also requires that any data that needs to be synced between sides must be done manually. Custom Forge Registries provide a simple alternative for creating soft dependents along with better management and automatic syncing between sides (unless told otherwise). Since the objects also use a Forge registry, registration becomes standardized in the same way.

> Custom Forge Registries are created via `RegistryBuilder` via either `NewRegistryEvent` or the `DeferredRegister`. The class `RegistryBuilder` takes certain parameters (such as the name, the `Class` of its values, and various callbacks for different events happening on the registry). `RegistryBuilder#create` is called internally build the registry, register it to the `RegistryManager`, and return the supplier wrapped registry to the caller for additional processing.

Reviewer 2: Some readability and grammatical fixing, and some changes:
```suggestion
Custom Forge Registries are created with the help of a `RegistryBuilder`, through either `NewRegistryEvent` or the `DeferredRegister`. The `RegistryBuilder` class takes various parameters (such as the registry's name, the `Class` of its values, and various callbacks for different events happening on the registry). New registries are registered to the `RegistryManager` after `NewRegistryEvent` finishes firing.
```

!!! warning
    `RegistryBuilder#create` is package-private and is called through `NewRegistryEvent` or `DeferredRegister`.

The `Class` of the value of the registry must implement `IForgeRegistryEntry`, which defines that `#setRegistryName` and `#getRegistryName` can be called on the objects of that class. It is recommended to extend `ForgeRegistryEntry`, the default implementation instead of implementing the interface directly. When `#setRegistryName(String)` is called with a string, and that string does not have an explicit namespace, its namespace will be set to the current modid.

Any newly created registry should use its associated [registration method][registration] to register the associated objects.

### Using NewRegistryEvent

> When using `NewRegistryEvent`, calling `#create` with a `RegistryBuilder` will return a supplier wrapped registry. The supplied registry can be accessed after `NewRegistryEvent` has finished posting to the mod event bus.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using `NewRegistryEvent`, calling `#create` with a `RegistryBuilder` will return a supplier-wrapped registry. The supplied registry can be accessed after `NewRegistryEvent` has finished posting to the mod event bus.
```
What happens if we try to call the supplier before `NewRegistryEvent` is finished?

Reviewer: Null
